Can you, stranger, smell like a veil of whiskey was dumped on you?
Haha.
So the possibility of me and Celine work it together?
I mean, I am literally dying with Jelzi.
You too get to work for the male Miranda Priestley.
I mean...
Yeah.
Again, please.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, Jelzi.
It's a good boss.
I understand the pressure that you are under right now.
You are a top-notch designer, well-known model, very successful businessman.
It's a lot on the plate, sir, but all eyes are on you right now.
You have to get some rest.
All I do is work.
I can't sleep.
My mind goes 10,000 miles an hour and, at least with this, I can drink this and it will
lead me something to sleep for a while, okay?
We should dance.
My favorite song just came on, so I will take this and I will do is that, you know, shit's
getting a girl dead, so my favorite song, I'm going to have to investigate.
You don't care if anyone sees you, do you?
I see you short to care about what people think.
Who are you?
It doesn't matter, and me, and you, are you, and now, we're dancing.
I know what you're hearing.
You know this, and you are exactly what I need, and what if I want to tell you that I want
you?